The boy went out.  They had eaten with no light on the table and theold man took off his trousers and went to bed in the dark.  He rolledhis trousers up to make a pillow, putting the newspaper inside them.He rolled himself in the blanket and slept on the other old newspapersthat covered the springs of the bed.

He was asleep in a short time and he dreamed of Africa when he was aboy and the long golden beaches and the white beaches, so white theyhurt your eyes, and the high capes and the great brown mountains.  Helived along that coast now every night and in his dreams he heard thesurf roar and saw the native boats come riding through it.  He smelledthe tar and oakum of the deck as he slept and he smelled the smell ofAfrica that the land breeze brought at morning.

Usually when he smelled the land breeze he woke up and dressed to goand wake the boy.  But tonight the smell of the land breeze came veryearly and he knew it was too early in his dream and went on dreaming tosee the white peaks of the Islands rising from the sea and then hedreamed of the different harbours and roadsteads of the Canary Islands.

He no longer dreamed of storms, nor of women, nor of great occurrences,nor of great fish, nor fights, nor contests of strength, nor of hiswife.  He only dreamed of places now and of the lions on the beach.They played like young cats in the dusk and he loved them as he lovedthe boy.  He never dreamed about the boy.  He simply woke, looked outthe open door at the moon and unrolled his trousers and put them on.He urinated outside the shack and then went up the road to wake theboy.  He was shivering with the morning cold.  But he knew he would shiver himself warm and that soon he would be rowing.

The door of the house where the boy lived was unlocked and he opened itand walked in quietly with his bare feet.  The boy was asleep on a cotin the first room and the old man could see him clearly with the lightthat came in from the dying moon.  He took hold of one foot gently andheld it until the boy woke and turned and looked at him.  The old mannodded and the boy took his trousers from the chair by the bed and,sitting on the bed, pulled them on.